Introduce our code culture in contributing.md (#1096)
kudobuilder/kudo: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Community, Discussion, and Support

Learn how to engage with the KUDO community on the [community page](https://kudo.dev/community/).

You can reach the maintainers of this project at:

- [Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/kudo/)
- [Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/kudobuilder)

## Code culture

> This is a set of practices we try to live by when developing KUDO. These are just defaults (soft rules). Deviations from them are possible, only has to be justified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a set of practices we try to live by when developing KUDO. These are just defaults (soft rules). Deviations from them are possible, but have to be justified.
```

### General guidelines
- Master is always releasable (green CI)

> - All feature/bug-fixing work should have an open issue with a description

Reviewer: This could be understood as "all changes require an issue", which I think is pretty limiting, since barely anyone will bother fixing typos and doing other small improvements if it requires the hassle of filing an issue beforehand.

Here are some examples from recent history, of PRs which do not reference any issue.

https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1090
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1075
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1047
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1069
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1068
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1039
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1038
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1037
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/pull/1035

Can we somehow try to define in what cases this is acceptable?

Author: I kind of feel like we should aim for having issues in 99% cases (except for typos maybe? :D) - we might now be doing that right now. I guess we need to point it out in reviews if you feel like the issue is needed and refresh on this principle like that? Rather than making the rules with more explicit boundaries?

Reviewer 2: There's definitely value in having a tracking issue for things that span multiple PRs (or has a KEP being worked on alongside), or if we want to have discussion before kicking off a PR (which should be almost all the time for something significant). Not sure how to write that down -- totally understand the desire to allow people to put in small PRs without having to go through the effort of _additionally_ opening an issue.

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
- All feature/bug-fixing work should have an open issue with a description, unless it's something very simple
```

> - Every user-facing feature that is NOT behind a feature gate should have an integration test

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Every user-facing feature that is NOT behind a feature gate should have an integration/e2e test
```

Reviewer 4: I don't completely understand @zen-dog suggetion... is that integration or e2e or ?

Reviewer 5: agree – it would be good to spell out whether this means _and_ or _or_.

Reviewer 3: It's either-or. Thinking about pipe tasks here, which is hard to test with an integration test.

### Pull requests

> - One core-team member has to approve the PR to be able to merge (defined in code owners file)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- One code owner has to approve the PR to be able to merge.
```

Reviewer: What is "an owner"? The `OWNERS` file only has `approvers` and `reviewers`.

Reviewer 2: Let's delete OWNERS until when/if we go back to Prow. CODEOWNERS only has the concept of an owner.

Author: I think they are still valuable because github assigns PRs based on them. I still feel like they are a meaningful definition of what we consider a "core-team member"

Author: I've rephrased it a bit @porridge let me know if that works for you

> - When core-team member puts 'request for changes' on your PR, that stops merging until it's resolved (even when have enough approvals)

Reviewer 3: a slightly different wording:
```suggestion
- One approval is enough to merge. However, if there are requests for change they have to be resolved prior to the merge
```

Reviewer 5: There's also a different meaning behind the _slightly different wording_ though: do we block merging when anyone requests changes (_slightly different wording_ version), or only if a code owner requests changes (original version)?

Reviewer 4: to be added in a future PR as @alenkacz recommended... but I would really like to encourage everyone to differentiate between "must change" and personal preferences.   It is a large grey area for sure... BUT... if
1. the feature is behind a feature gate or
2. this is a new feature that works, has tests, has no breaking changes and is green
that is the criteria! 

There is at least 1 small caveat which is the introduction of something as part of an API or otherwise public facing.

Reviewer 3: I would argue that it doesn't matter. A "request for change" should be resolved in either case. If it's a soft/personal opinion/nit it can be a comment (rather than a request for change)

Author: btw. resolved != you have to do what the person requests. But a discussion is a good way to start - I just think we should have a way how to stop something from merging until that conversation happen :)

Reviewer 3: 💯 onboard with that. Sometimes "resolved" means "agree to disagree and move on".

> - Since KUDO is developed in multiple timezones, try to keep the PR open for everyone to be able to see it (~24h)

Reviewer: Should we mention public holidays?

Author: Do we need to be explicit? I like guidelines/light rules :) we're fairly senior team right now, I would be ok with letting everyone interpret what does it mean for the other timezone to see their code :) but I can surely add it if you feel like it helps

Reviewer 2: Agreed, I'm :+1: on not needing to be explicit here...I think the intent of the culture is giving opportunities to others, and as long as we carry that intent, we can all be roughly on the same page. Just something to keep in mind before you hit that squash and merge button - have there been opportunities for my fellow KUDO developers to review this? If I'm merging without, am I justifying why this needs to be in without giving that opportunity (say, a bug fix before people in US times have had a chance to see it), etc. Nothing hard and fast.

Reviewer: I don't mean enumerating holidays, I'm also all for loose guidelines.

I thought about this as a helpful hint, because personally I often forget that people on the other side of the globe might be away for a while.

The mention of just `24h` here would further cement my conviction that passage of time is equivalent to providing such opportunities for review.

- We prefer squash commits so that all changes from a branch are committed to master as a single commit

> - Before you merge, make sure your commit title is meaningful and the commit contains description

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Before you merge, make sure your commit title and description are meaningful. Github by default would list all the individual PR commits when squashing which are rarely meaningful. We aim for a clean and meaningful commit history. 
```

Reviewer 4: like @zen-dog suggestion... except I think "default would list" should be "default will list"

- For a piece of work that takes >3-5 days, pair with somebody
- When you pair with somebody, don't forget to appreciate their work using [co-authorship](https://help.github.com/en/github/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors)

> - Open a PR as soon as possible to give everybody a chance to review it

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Open a PR as soon as possible to give everybody a chance to review it
- For PRs that tackle a bigger feature/refactoring schedule a walk-through with the team. PR reviews are a lot more meaningful if reviewers understood your code mental model.
```

Reviewer 5: s/understood/understand/

> ### As a code owner (core team mamber)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### As a code owner (core team member)
```
